bolldiaz, azi2121
Matan Dizitser 206200552, Aryeh Nailand 342473642
EX: 2

FILES:

uthreads.c -- a file with some code
uthreads.h -- a file with some headers


ANSWERS:
Q1:
In place sorting algorithms such as merge-sort.
When sorting an array, the merge-sort use a divide and conquer mechanism to divide the problem into many small
problems. On each problem we do the same work and the problem is solved using the same memory segments.
That's why User-Level Threads is a reasonable choice for this example.

Q2:
Advantages:
    It can be suspended -  if user doesn't use a tab for a certain period of time it won't keep on refreshing
    Suspension of a process doesn't other processes
    Multi-processes using Multi-processing, while multi-kernel threads cannot use Multi-processing

Disadvantages:
    Higher overhead than designating a kernel level thread for each process.
    It is a heavyweight activity in comparison to kernel level thread

Q3:
    1. External interrupt triggered by the keyboard - handled by the handler called by the interrupt vector
    2. The kill command in UNIX lets the user send a signal to a process if nothing else is defined it sends
       SIGTERM signal -> then the process exits

Q4:
    Virtual time is defined as the CPU time required to complete a job as if there were no interruptions. - Example:
    in ex2 the amount of time a thread sleeps for is measured in virtual time (in this specific case units of quantums)
    A real-time operating system is an operating system for real-time applications that processes data and events that
    have critically defined time constraints. - Example: what is the total time it takes for a program to run from start
    to end e.g. time taken for a machine learning algorithm to finish running in python as measured by the time module.

Q5:
    sigsetjump: saves the stack context and the CPU state in a buffer for later use
    siglongjump: jumps to the code location and restore CPU state specified by the same buffer from the same place from
    where sigsetjump was called.



